Documentation fixes (#605)
POSYDON-code/POSYDON: docs/_source/index.rst

Welcome to POSYDON!
-------------------

> Welcome to the official documentation of **POSYDON** - *POpulation SYnthesis with Detailed binary-evolution simulatiONs*. Whether you're a new user, a contributor, or just exploring, we\'re delighted to have you here!

Reviewer: While it may not hurt to ensure that the apostrophe does not get interpreted by escaping it, is there a reason to only make it here?
```suggestion
Welcome to the official documentation of **POSYDON** - *POpulation SYnthesis with Detailed binary-evolution simulatiONs*. Whether you're a new user, a contributor, or just exploring, we're delighted to have you here!
```
or doing it always (please check other code parts, too):
```suggestion
Welcome to the official documentation of **POSYDON** - *POpulation SYnthesis with Detailed binary-evolution simulatiONs*. Whether you\'re a new user, a contributor, or just exploring, we\'re delighted to have you here!
```
